Warning on setting AWS IAM Identity Center:
- You are changing your identity source to use an external identity provider (IdP).
- IAM Identity Center will delete your current multi-factor authentication (MFA) configuration.
- All current permission sets and SAML 2.0 application configurations will be retained.
- IAM Identity Center preserves your current users and groups, and their assignments. However, only users who have usernames that match the usernames in your identity provider (IdP) can authenticate.
- You must complete your identity provider (IdP) SAML configuration for IAM Identity Center so that your users can sign in. Identity Center will use your IdP for all authentications.
- You must manage your multi-factor authentication (MFA) configuration and policies in your identity provider (IdP).
- You must add (provision) all users in your identity provider (IdP) who will use IAM Identity Center before they can sign in. If you enable System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM) to provision users and groups (recommended), your IdP will be the authoritative source of users and groups, and you must add and modify them in your IdP. Without SCIM, you can provision users and manage groups in IAM Identity Center only; all provisioned usernames must match the corresponding usernames in your IdP.
- IAM Identity Center will keep your current configuration of attributes for access control. We recommend that you review your configuration and update it after you complete the identity source change.